Revamp the v8 and higher DI guidance to guide the users into the pit of success (#7212)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/dependency-injection/index_ownership_core_[8.0,).partial.md

NServiceBus supports two modes of operation for containers, *internally managed* and *externally managed*.

> NServiceBus uses [Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection (MS.DI)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection) as its default and recommended dependency injection container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus uses [Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection (MS.DI)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection) as the default recommended dependency injection container.
```

> [!TIP]
> For most scenarios, use the built-in MS.DI container. Only use a third-party container if you require features not available in MS.DI.

NServiceBus automatically registers and invokes message handlers, sagas, and other user-provided extension points using a dependency injection container.

## Modes of operation

NServiceBus supports two modes for dependency injection:

- **Internally managed:** NServiceBus manages the container lifecycle as part of the endpoint lifecycle.
- **Externally managed:** The application or host provides and controls the container lifecycle.

> Understanding the different modes is only required in custom hosting scenarios or when using third-party container integrations. Applications using the [generic host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/generic-host) or the [web application builder](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/minimal-apis/webapplication) should leverage [NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting](/nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md) which takes care of the necessary plubming automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Understanding the different modes is only required in custom hosting scenarios or when using third-party container integrations. Applications using the [generic host](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/generic-host) or the [web application builder](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/minimal-apis/webapplication) should leverage [NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting](/nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md) which takes care of the necessary plumbing automatically.
```

> ### Internally managed mode

Reviewer: I think the sentence below takes care of that:

> including proper disposal.

> NServiceBus creates and manages the `IServiceCollection` and `IServiceProvider`. Register your services using the standard MS.DI API exposed over the `RegisterComponents` API on the endpoint configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
NServiceBus creates and manages the `IServiceCollection` and `IServiceProvider` including proper disposal. Register your services using the standard MS.DI API exposed over the `RegisterComponents` API on the endpoint configuration:
```

```csharp
endpointConfiguration.RegisterComponents(services =>
{
    services.AddTransient<MyService>();
    services.AddScoped<MyScopedService>();
    services.AddSingleton<MySingletonService>();
});
```

> See [MS.DI lifetimes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#service-lifetimes) for details and [service registrations](#service-registrations) for more explanations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [MS.DI lifetimes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#service-lifetimes) and [service registrations](#service-registrations) for more details.
```

The internally managed mode is intended to be used in scenarios where the NServiceBus endpoint is the entry point of the application or where multiple endpoints are hosted within the same application and each endpoint requires an isolated container instance.

### <a id="externally-managed-mode"></a> Externally managed mode

> [!WARNING]
> Every NServiceBus endpoint requires its own dependency injection container. Sharing containers across multiple endpoints results in conflicting registrations and might cause incorrect behavior or runtime errors.

> If full control over the container is needed, use externally managed mode:

Author: ```suggestion
If full control over the container, including its lifetime and disposal, is needed, use externally managed mode:
```

snippet: ExternalPrepare

Later, during the resolution phase, the `Start` method requires an instance of `IServiceProvider`.

snippet: ExternalStart

> [!NOTE]
> Refer to the container's documentation on how to use the container with the `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` API.

The externally managed mode is intended to be used in scenarios where the NServiceBus endpoint integrates into an existing application or host already using either MS.DI or using a third party container that supports integration with MS.DI. 

## Property injection

Property injection is **not supported** by default with MS.DI. Use constructor injection for all dependencies. If you require property injection, refer to your container's documentation.

## Using third-party containers

If features are needed that are not available in MS.DI, it is possible to integrate a third-party container that supports the MS.DI abstractions. See [Externally managed mode](#externally-managed-mode) on how to use the externally managed mode to seperate the registration phase from the resolving phase on the container and consult the third-party container documentation on how to integrate the container into MS.DI.

> The NServiceBus Version 7 to 8 upgrade guide also contains snippets hinting at the custom configuration potentially required to integrate with [Autofac, Lamar, Unity, StructureMap, Castle Windows or Spring](/nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/dependency-injection.md#externally-managed-container-mode-migrating-to-externally-managed-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NServiceBus Version 7 to 8 upgrade guide also contains snippets hinting at the custom configuration potentially required to integrate with [Autofac, Lamar, Unity, StructureMap, Castle Windows, or Spring](/nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/dependency-injection.md#externally-managed-container-mode-migrating-to-externally-managed-mode).
```

> For leveraging third-party containers with `NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting` refer to the [configure custom containers documentation](/nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md#dependency-injection-integration-configure-custom-containers) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For leveraging third-party containers with `NServiceBus.Extensions.Hosting`, refer to the [configure custom containers documentation](/nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md#dependency-injection-integration-configure-custom-containers) for further details.
```
